hello so we are sure tests in France
and here I will try to test
I was at 1 on pc on this wonderful
small computer
so this is a pentium processor a
heart to 166 giguere and it's a nest pm
thinkpad so one of the very first with
windows 95
the whole start of windows 95 the small
mouse like that they pluton here's a
wonderful readers also of it
make sure they are not DVD player
floppy disk just below there is no
of price this network there is no taking
usb of course we can not have internet
apart from the old modems that are
more in operation now and we
can notice that he acted nation mice
who peña who has 16 mega of two oars
Seneca of ram and conclude 1.8 giga of
ram while if we see in the back
from the cover of gt gt to 1
we need c and will keep a minimum
we have them 80 gigas spaces we
we have it will fill half of
hard drives on the prefect brot
otherwise there is what so it takes less
of 7 95 98 higher and after we have
the little one from here that we are not going
inserted in the super blu ray player
in the right thought this wallpaper
then had the scientific poll
hours like that it's very rotten so
it's a computer because at the time
the time and it costs is still very
dear ah here is a 27th he detected
so we go with the questions installed
with little mice
they settle here
here is a wise woman
I am green it's great 1
so it'll be
the next wide mans is obvious
knowing that I have more galley with
twists to install that with him even dish
I do not even know I think it's a
processor set fast I think you're there
a processor is so as we see on
hard
ipdia they say banks is it's done in
1947 by ibm he has the reader this
disk vector is so there we see well
the frequency of the processor and the
memory
so it is to her it is hyper effect if
you want them hyper and lose that's it
here is a mouse attached veil
so there he is settling
it's boring because it's the way the
size and for example with a phone
so the thing he is
no good I 'll resume the video just
after that's what
here we are on this beautiful cyberspace
is using the mouse but
like that does not work that's not very
class with no my little ball and I
am going to try to find bang I was
reached settled it's a
program enough so I took in this
end of July the sesto lots of products
totals that's so we start good
head of tons attention we have some
records that starts
we can always go
our brothers Shamakh orders
funds
tron that's loading in progress otherwise that
it's not saying that that I'm not even so
this idea away his hand
super friendly
the father
these cars there I comment with that
to Gaddafi
saka of adam
it's calm and it works
Ouanna
right over there
how are you and that was great
theft auto 1 on a nice good computer
wild lesson I'm going there
thank you and see you soon for light crimes
stuff on my screen for new
videos on tech 3